all right just a quick video here I'm
going to show you how to do tricep
pushdowns on the Marcy Pro trainer
compact trainer I put some plates on the
rear section that here and we're going
to be standing in the front section here
using the swivel bar and pushing down on
that to execute the exercise
get in position over here grab the bar
and begin
and that's all there is to it okay while
I prefer to you to do arm curls on my
power blocs you can actually do arm
curls on this machine using the swivel
bar now let me tell you that it's not
the most comfortable position to do arm
curls with a swivel bar it's not the
most efficient way but they can be done
you find yourself wanting to move your
upper body back and forth a little bit
because of the angle at this little part
puts your put use yourself in it's hard
to describe
that's that